osbuild: new section about running osbuild from git checkout (#33)
osbuild/guides: osbuild-composer/src/developer-guide/osbuild.md

### The struggle with GRUB

The standard tooling for creating GRUB does not fit to our stage/assembler concept because it wants to modify the filesystem tree and create the resulting artifact at the same time. As a result we have our own reimplementation of these tools.

## Running OSBuild from sources

> It is not strictly required to run OSBuild installed from an RPM package but if you attempt to run `osbuild` from the command line like this:

Reviewer: Just a suggestion (feel free to ignore): I would break this long and complex sentence up into a few shorter ones. It makes the whole construct easier to write and - more importantly - to read.
```suggestion
It is not strictly required to run OSBuild installed from an RPM package. If you attempt to run `osbuild` from the command line in combination with an SELinux stage in the manifest it will most likely fail. For example:
```

Author: I like it, thanks!

```
$ python3 -m osbuild
```

> and, at the same time, you will include SELinux stage in the manifest, it will most likely fail because the `python3` executable and all stages and assemblers in the checkout are not labeled properly. To overcome this issue, create two additional files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cause of error is a lack of proper labelling of the `python3` executable, all stages and assemblers. Creating two additional files resolves the problem:
```
